We will start very basic by looking at a fund family property and ultimately fund family property describes
the fund of an element and as a side note we did already cover fund size property which would be responsible
for the size of the tax now.
As you can see right now I already deleted everything that we had in the previous module because I wanted
to start fresh in the indexation demo as well as style assets.
So if you need to do the same.
Please pause the video and resume whenever you're ready to go.
Let's start simply in the indexation email by creating the ending one and in the heading One let's say
Hey dude I am heading or main heading.
Let's call this main heading as well as we can also create paragraph and for the paragraph let's.
I don't know I had some 50 words in here or something like this.
Let's have 50 words and we're gonna save our email.
So far so good.
We have the heading and we have the program.
If I'm gonna head over to SCA says you can just select the whole body and since we already have covered
the inheritance we know that if we're not going to change anything with any of the elements they will
get inheritance from the parent which would be the body.
So in our case we're going to do like this we're going to save on family and I don't know let's go with
Helvetica.
Something like this let's save it and first of all we right away notice that our font family changed.
OK.
Awesome.
Now I'm going to head over to hearing one and more specifically change my font family.
So what happens is that we can change the family of the font or whatever element we would like.
And in most cases this is exactly what you're to do you're gonna set up some kind of funds for probably
most of your project.
And then there's gonna be specific elements like headings or paragraphs.
Doesn't really matter in your situation.
It really depends on that.
But you're gonna change the font family for specific type of element.
In my case I'm just gonna change for my having one which may be for project could be holes heading.
So here let's say again from family let's write.
I don't know Donna.
Something like this.
I'd say Donna.
And now I can see that even though the paragraph inherits this from the body the Vertica then the heading
One is gonna be more specifically with the Verdun Donna font family.
This is as straightforward as it gets where you can just pick whatever on family you would like and
just add it with fun family property to that specific element.